My time in the marine corps and the navy were the best times of my life
and I do miss being in the navy and being able to do it all over again.
I recently got a chance to go to a boot camp graduation down in
San Diego with one of my best volleyball playing buddies from my service,
the warrant officer Sam Werner. And as we watched the young
recruits being briefed before they took off on their careers, both of
us were absolutely overcome by such emotions and such yearning to
be part of that again and be part of the adventure and part of the excitement.
So yes I do miss it I miss virtually every part of it. But
one of the good things about the service is my marine corps friends
from Vietnam and language school, and all of my navy buddies from
twenty plus years of cryptologic service all correspond with me consistently
online. I get an email from an old veteran buddy two or three
times a day, sometimes just a joke they like your something but sometimes
the a deep discussion about a problem they're facing or just
check in on how I'm doing. So yes I do miss it but to a large degree
it came with me.